### Feb 20

Today I implemented the [`history`](https://linuxcommand.org/lc3_man_pages/historyh.html) command,
but I also learned something new from doing it, precisely from commiting the implementation.

As said, after writing the code and making sure it works, I tried to commit the new feature by running 
the following line in the terminal:
```
git commit -m "feat: create `history` command for listing prev terminal inputs"
```

But after pressing enter a huge bunch of text appeared on my console. Literally strings after strings of commands.  
I ran `git status` to see what was set as the commit message and there was again that really long text.
I didn't know why that happened and it didn't occurr to me that maybe reading one of those commands could have gave
me a clue of what was happening. So I undid the last commit with `git reset --soft HEAD^` and ran the command once again, 
and there it was again, just that now I took my time to read the commit message.   
I started recognizing some of the commands, as commands that I had executed before in the terminal, 
and that's when I understood it.   

Executed the following in the terminal, just for confirming it:
```
"`history`"                               # This runs the `history` command in the terminal, where I had more than 500 lines.  

"history"                                 # This also runs it.  

"*some_text* history *maybe_more_text*"   # This doesn't.  

"*some_text* `history` *maybe_more_text*" # But this does.
"
```  
So the commit message took the output of the `history` command, those +500 lines, as its content.
[Bash](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bash) is the one responsible for this behavior, which is intended obviously, 
no one to blame but myself. I have played very little with it for creating really simple scripts that could automate 
some repetitive operations for me, but I didn't know about that.  

Fixed it by doing, instead:
```
git commit -m "feat: create 'history' command for listing prev terminal inputs"
```

Literally had an `history` command output as the message for the commit where I implemented the `history` command for this web terminal.
